readme.md, before:

<div align = "center"><img src="images/icon.png" width="256" height="256" /></div>

<div align = "center">
  <h1>Cloudflare.cr - Cloudflare Radar and Booster</h1>
</div>

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://crystal-lang.org">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/built%20with-crystal-000000.svg" /></a>
  <a href="https://github.com/636f7374/cloudflare.cr/actions">
    <img src="https://github.com/636f7374/cloudflare.cr/workflows/Continuous%20Integration/badge.svg" /></a>
  <a href="https://github.com/636f7374/cloudflare.cr/releases">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/github/release/636f7374/cloudflare.cr.svg" /></a>
  <a href="https://github.com/636f7374/cloudflare.cr/blob/master/license">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/github/license/636f7374/cloudflare.cr.svg"></a>
</p>

<div align = "center"><a href="#"><img src="images/terminal.png"></a></div>

## Description

* High-performance, reliable, and stable Cloudflare Edge Radar and Booster.
* This repository is under evaluation and will replace [Coffee.cr](https://github.com/636f7374/coffee.cr).
* More description to be added.

## Features

* [X] Radar
* [X] Scanner

## Usage

* Please check the examples folder.

### Radar

* Radar Configuration File (Standard Concurrent).

```yaml
---
outputPath: $HOME/output.yml
concurrentCount: 230
scanIpAddressType: ipv4_only
numberOfScansPerSubnet: 50
maximumNumberOfFailuresPerSubnet: 15
skipRange:
  - 2
  - 4
excludes:
  - - LosAngeles_UnitedStates
  - - SanJose_UnitedStates
  - - LosAngeles_UnitedStates
    - SanJose_UnitedStates
timeout:
  read: 2
  write: 2
  connect: 2
```

* Radar Configuration File (Concurrent + SubProcess Parallel).

```yaml
---
outputPath: $HOME/output.yml
concurrentCount: 230
scanIpAddressType: ipv4_only
numberOfScansPerSubnet: 50
maximumNumberOfFailuresPerSubnet: 15
skipRange:
  - 2
  - 4
excludes:
  - - LosAngeles_UnitedStates
  - - SanJose_UnitedStates
  - - LosAngeles_UnitedStates
    - SanJose_UnitedStates
parallel:
  executableName: radar
  calleeCount: 4
  listenAddress: tcp://0.0.0.0:4832
  type: sub_process
timeout:
  read: 2
  write: 2
  connect: 2
```

* Radar Configuration File (Concurrent + Distributed Parallel).

```yaml
---
outputPath: $HOME/output.yml
concurrentCount: 230
scanIpAddressType: ipv4_only
numberOfScansPerSubnet: 50
maximumNumberOfFailuresPerSubnet: 15
skipRange:
  - 2
  - 4
excludes:
  - - LosAngeles_UnitedStates
  - - SanJose_UnitedStates
  - - LosAngeles_UnitedStates
    - SanJose_UnitedStates
parallel:
  executableName: radar
  calleeCount: 4
  listenAddress: tcp://0.0.0.0:4832
  type: distributed
timeout:
  read: 2
  write: 2
  connect: 2
```

* Radar Configuration File (Concurrent + Hybrid (SubProcess & Distributed) Parallel).

```yaml
---
outputPath: $HOME/output.yml
concurrentCount: 230
scanIpAddressType: ipv4_only
numberOfScansPerSubnet: 50
maximumNumberOfFailuresPerSubnet: 15
skipRange:
  - 2
  - 4
excludes:
  - - LosAngeles_UnitedStates
  - - SanJose_UnitedStates
  - - LosAngeles_UnitedStates
    - SanJose_UnitedStates
parallel:
  executableName: radar
  calleeCount: 4
  subProcessCalleeCount: 2
  listenAddress: tcp://0.0.0.0:4832
  type: hybrid
timeout:
  read: 2
  write: 2
  connect: 2
```

### Used as Shard

Add this to your application's shard.yml:

```yaml
dependencies:
  cloudflare:
    github: 636f7374/cloudflare.cr
```

### Installation

```bash
$ git clone https://github.com/636f7374/cloudflare.cr.git
$ cd cloudflare.cr && make build && make install
```

## Development

```bash
$ make test
```

## Credit

* [\_Icon - Freepik/LawAndJustice](https://www.flaticon.com/packs/law-and-justice-62)
* [Shard - Sija/ipaddress.cr](https://github.com/sija/ipaddress.cr)

## Contributors

|Name|Creator|Maintainer|Contributor|
|:---:|:---:|:---:|:---:|
|**[636f7374](https://github.com/636f7374)**|√|√|√|

## License

* GPLv3 License

Commit message:

Subnet renamed Block & Namespace changes: Options::Scanner::Subnet -> Scanner::Task::Block.

readme.md, after:

<div align = "center"><img src="images/icon.png" width="256" height="256" /></div>

<div align = "center">
  <h1>Cloudflare.cr - Cloudflare Radar and Booster</h1>
</div>

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://crystal-lang.org">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/built%20with-crystal-000000.svg" /></a>
  <a href="https://github.com/636f7374/cloudflare.cr/actions">
    <img src="https://github.com/636f7374/cloudflare.cr/workflows/Continuous%20Integration/badge.svg" /></a>
  <a href="https://github.com/636f7374/cloudflare.cr/releases">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/github/release/636f7374/cloudflare.cr.svg" /></a>
  <a href="https://github.com/636f7374/cloudflare.cr/blob/master/license">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/github/license/636f7374/cloudflare.cr.svg"></a>
</p>

<div align = "center"><a href="#"><img src="images/terminal.png"></a></div>

## Description

* High-performance, reliable, and stable Cloudflare Edge Radar and Booster.
* This repository is under evaluation and will replace [Coffee.cr](https://github.com/636f7374/coffee.cr).
* More description to be added.

## Features

* [X] Radar
* [X] Scanner

## Usage

* Please check the examples folder.

### Radar

* Radar Configuration File (Standard Concurrent).

```yaml
---
outputPath: $HOME/output.yml
concurrentCount: 230
scanIpAddressType: ipv4_only
numberOfScansPerBlock: 50
maximumNumberOfFailuresPerBlock: 15
skipRange:
  - 2
  - 4
excludes:
  - - LosAngeles_UnitedStates
  - - SanJose_UnitedStates
  - - LosAngeles_UnitedStates
    - SanJose_UnitedStates
timeout:
  read: 2
  write: 2
  connect: 2
```

* Radar Configuration File (Concurrent + SubProcess Parallel).

```yaml
---
outputPath: $HOME/output.yml
concurrentCount: 230
scanIpAddressType: ipv4_only
numberOfScansPerBlock: 50
maximumNumberOfFailuresPerBlock: 15
skipRange:
  - 2
  - 4
excludes:
  - - LosAngeles_UnitedStates
  - - SanJose_UnitedStates
  - - LosAngeles_UnitedStates
    - SanJose_UnitedStates
parallel:
  executableName: radar
  calleeCount: 4
  listenAddress: tcp://0.0.0.0:4832
  type: sub_process
timeout:
  read: 2
  write: 2
  connect: 2
```

* Radar Configuration File (Concurrent + Distributed Parallel).

```yaml
---
outputPath: $HOME/output.yml
concurrentCount: 230
scanIpAddressType: ipv4_only
numberOfScansPerBlock: 50
maximumNumberOfFailuresPerBlock: 15
skipRange:
  - 2
  - 4
excludes:
  - - LosAngeles_UnitedStates
  - - SanJose_UnitedStates
  - - LosAngeles_UnitedStates
    - SanJose_UnitedStates
parallel:
  executableName: radar
  calleeCount: 4
  listenAddress: tcp://0.0.0.0:4832
  type: distributed
timeout:
  read: 2
  write: 2
  connect: 2
```

* Radar Configuration File (Concurrent + Hybrid (SubProcess & Distributed) Parallel).

```yaml
---
outputPath: $HOME/output.yml
concurrentCount: 230
scanIpAddressType: ipv4_only
numberOfScansPerBlock: 50
maximumNumberOfFailuresPerBlock: 15
skipRange:
  - 2
  - 4
excludes:
  - - LosAngeles_UnitedStates
  - - SanJose_UnitedStates
  - - LosAngeles_UnitedStates
    - SanJose_UnitedStates
parallel:
  executableName: radar
  calleeCount: 4
  subProcessCalleeCount: 2
  listenAddress: tcp://0.0.0.0:4832
  type: hybrid
timeout:
  read: 2
  write: 2
  connect: 2
```

### Used as Shard

Add this to your application's shard.yml:

```yaml
dependencies:
  cloudflare:
    github: 636f7374/cloudflare.cr
```

### Installation

```bash
$ git clone https://github.com/636f7374/cloudflare.cr.git
$ cd cloudflare.cr && make build && make install
```

## Development

```bash
$ make test
```

## Credit

* [\_Icon - Freepik/LawAndJustice](https://www.flaticon.com/packs/law-and-justice-62)
* [Shard - Sija/ipaddress.cr](https://github.com/sija/ipaddress.cr)

## Contributors

|Name|Creator|Maintainer|Contributor|
|:---:|:---:|:---:|:---:|
|**[636f7374](https://github.com/636f7374)**|√|√|√|

## License

* GPLv3 License
